I. Flex Box
	A. Starts out to be a sane layout system, not a hack
	B. Aligns things along a single line
		1. Can left, center, or right align, or put space between or space around
		2. Can vertically align things (top, bottom, baseline or CENTER or STRETCH) 
			a. Elements can override the container alignment with align-self
		3. No collapsing margins!!!
			c. if you set a margin to auto it will take up the space between items that aren't used
	C. Make containers flex ... or not
		1. You can assign containers to take up a percent or a proportion, or have a fixed width
			a. flex
			b. flex is shorthand for more properties that give you more control
		2. You can chose the visual order without changing the flow!!!
			a. order
	D. The Holy Grail Layout made easy
	E. Available today at your local modern browser
		1. Chrome and Safari use -webkit-flex. Opera and Firefox use flex because the spec is so close to uniform
II. Grid Layout
	A. Grid Layout gives you full 2D control of your layout
		1. You can set size of rows or columns based on units or percentages
		2. You can also make them based on the size of the content (normally horizontal is fixed height)
		3. Allows proportional flexing
		4. You can have elements take up an entire row or column or just a single segment
		5. It gives you the placement control of tables, but only using CSS and without the frustration of
		bizarre table sizing.
	B. Allows for overlap from one area to another
	C. Unfortunately grid spec is changing and not consistent currently across browsers, but they are working
		on it and no current implementation matches the current spec
III. Exclusions and Shapes
	A. Only available experimentally. To play with this, use Experimental Webkit Features in Canary chrome://flags
	B. Exclusions allow you to wrap content around things that aren't floats
		1. When combined with grid layout and overlapping elements, you could have column-spanning callouts, e.g.
		2. Available in IE10 or Canary(?)
			a. wrap-flow
	C. Shapes allow you to wrap content around things that aren't rectangles
		1. Wrap text around circles and drop caps and more
		2. Available in experimental WebKit or Blink
		3. Will end up either using a method to define a shape (elipse( x, y, radius) or a URL for a png to 
			pull the alpha channel from.
		4. Shape outside or Shape inside can make something wrap inside or around a shape.
			a. shape-margin allows you to put a marging around the shape
			b. you can combine shapes and exclusions
		
IV. Regions
	A. Regions allow you to define where you content flows (like flows in InDesign or TLF)
		1. Use Case: an image you want to be "above the fold" regardless of screen size
		2. You give a flow a name (or label). It pulls it out of the normal HTML flow and you assign
			boxes to be a region that handles the flow
				a. flow-into
				b. flow-from
		3. Available in experimental WebKit or Blink or a different experimental version in IE10
V. Wrap-up
	A. To play with this, use Experimental Webkit Features in Canary chrome://flags
	B. Possible to do some responsive design without CSS media queries